we have all these scouts for mac 3 and
in these news videos I you
learn a trick how to read
streaming movies on your iphone ipod
touch or ipad
so all you need then
a wifi connection to have a good
quality
so we will go to safari and you
go tap this streaming for iphone
so it's streaming 4 iphone but
we say strong for English so then
we click on the link
once on the link in fact there's a
format computer applications to sion
but under the wadi in fact on the person
of the web monks a web app so there you
have two categories movies series
Then you can either
login or register to be able to
sign later then
down you have the forum and all that for
have made themselves a little bit we see either for the
see films from which there are 202 1971 films
and 17000 series so we will live for
start in the movies once in
the movies you have a bar of
search for a movie
particular and then you have
several pages with films already
proposed here
so here you have several movies that
will be up to you
so I speak even though I have a movie that
I already have in mind
so if I want to see the bolas I
called you boloss game but ok and I
click on search for an excessed evening
here are the mastiffs of a frame two films
which have been found and boloss tele volos
this post fr
I do click on the first is in
does if this movie does not work by
download v really works a
stream is here we will see the card
of the movie that begins to load so there
I connection problems because there is already
come ps3 and several dikes are
connected on my connection so his wave
a little bit so here is the movie
then we will find you two
English who are reading the movie or info
on the film you go on the say the
smoke either you look at the info
we wanted then you go
but the page click Download
free once on this page you
will have a code to type here with a
countdown of 60 seconds so you type
your code
here and you wait 50 seconds
so I 'll move the time for it
flight
so here are only a few
seconds to be able to click on the
link
once infinite time I click on
the English goal
and here we are going to have ads
an old plus you do not care
especially not click on it because it
will have to redo all
manipulations you have your feet on
click here to launch your
downloads so I inform you of
real before it's not a download
it's your browser that is going to
turn into a video player and there you
will have your movie directly
streaming
so I remind you better to have
a wifi connection that 3g
because otherwise it will really lagged
lazer you have your movie so I'm going
to show you that we can have is the
movie no problem I have not really
to choose
to replace will impact the 6h 12h
hang on for the sea
was 8th
she was well into her thirties
did it well and did
so here I showed you how
watch streaming movies
so we will try now to
go back to see the
series it's the same since I did not
not tested yet
so we go back with the
back from the back of the browser it's
very simple so there she is going to the
serial teeth once in series I'm going
look in the first page because
I do not know too many series nor are we going
take what for example as notes or
then as a lot
there is no need you I'm going to take
express express the example i want to see
that and 24000 view we can see so here we
go see the series card like everything
on time it's a bit long as I
wanted a connection there that started
with a bit so we do not care a bit about
the fish tank there you have the team
a small crowd and there you have
mid-season so for example in dhr the
season one so there I have the names of
season imagine game see season 7
a family affair that brings me here
on business Thursday figure of
holland and there your browser is going to
turn a video player
so that's very handy
fast there really is not much
to do separately click on the movies
when you look at where the series when
you look at i'm going to visualize kahel
a bit the series that lasts 40 minutes
so I did not really choose to come from
series so that's where were expressed
but you can choose what you
want there were several series I
believe he had how much
I know exactly where we will see that a
little 7000 series is going rather episode and
2009 wireless so here I hope that
the trick has you more power to watch
movies or series in streaming and
free on all for free and in
unlimited on this web apps i hope that
you liked it
do not forget to subscribe to love the
video and I let you go the lease
I